Python: fix nice locations for import aliases (#13941)
github/codeql: python/ql/lib/change-notes/2023-08-10-fix-alias-locations.md

---
category: fix
---

> * Fixed the computation of display locations for imports with aliases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the computation of locations for imports with aliases in jump-to-definition.
```
